Add team expectations document (#3458)
taskcluster/taskcluster: EXPECTATIONS.md

2.  The team commits to following relevant channels to stay informed. This includes bugmail and github notifications for important repositories like RFCs, minimum:
    * bugzilla NIs
    * github PRs
    * Slack notifications
    * Element pings
    * calendar invites
    * direct email
3.  When someone asks a question, give them the benefit of the doubt with the assumption that they’ve made an effort to figure it out. With that assumption, helpfully answer their question, rather than just directing them to the manual. “Being charitable” could describe this. This can be particularly challenging for community contributors, but the same logic applies.
4.  Similarly, when you need help, do at least some upfront research, and try to keep questions specific. Explaining the context of your problem is extremely helpful.

> 5.  We should switch to synchronous communication (vidyo) when asynchronous communication (email, bug comments) are artificially lengthening cycle times.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  We should switch to synchronous communication (zoom or other video chat) when asynchronous communication (email, bug comments) are artificially lengthening cycle times.
```

6.  Team members who do not work in Mozilla Standard Time (US Pacific Time) should be explicit about when they are available for meetings. They are not expected to be available in their evenings unless they choose to make themselves available.
7.  Interpersonal issues should be brought to management ASAP.
8.  Don’t suggest you will simply re-implement something as a way of shutting down discussion about a particular issue.

## Planning and The Design Process: RFCs

1.  Taskcluster manages major changes to the platform through "requests for comment", known as RFCs. These provide an open, transparent decision-making process and a way to track ideas from initial proposal through decision and implementation.
2.  Taskcluster's RFCs are stored in the [taskcluster-rfcs repository](https://github.com/taskcluster/taskcluster-rfcs). The RFC process is documented in the [mechanics doc](https://github.com/taskcluster/taskcluster-rfcs/blob/master/mechanics.md).

> 3.  RFCs should be written *after* establishing general agreement from the team about the issue and the direction to take.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3.  RFCs should be written *after* establishing general agreement among the involved people about the issue and the direction to take.
```

4.  Design decisions can be revisited for security reasons or if there are significant concerns.
5.  Quick experiments can and should still happen in this model, but don't get too attached to them unless you are using them to strengthen a new or existing RFC. 30% reviews are a good way to gauge the appropriateness of a given experiment.
6.  Security concerns are an important part of the RFC process, i.e. security cannot be left to the implementation and review phase.

## Implementation and Review

> 1.  New code should conform to the established [Taskcluster best practices](https://github.com/taskcluster/taskcluster/tree/master/dev-docs/best-practices). Best efforts should be made to bring existing code up to those standards when changes are made. If best practices don't exist for a given area or language, the author should establish some with reference to other similar Taskcluster sources or industry best practices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  New code should conform to the established [Taskcluster best practices](https://github.com/taskcluster/taskcluster/tree/main/dev-docs/best-practices). Best efforts should be made to bring existing code up to those standards when changes are made. If best practices don't exist for a given area or language, the author should establish some with reference to other similar Taskcluster sources or industry best practices.
```
(this change will need to happen in a few other places, I think)

2.  For larger coding tasks, the author should seriously consider splitting it up and figuring out what can be committed from what has already been completed.
3.  Github Pull Requests should be assigned to two alternative reviewers, of which only one is required to perform the review, unless either the author or the reviewer explicitly request additional review from another party in the PR conversation.
4.  For PRs where the author does not have permission to merge the PR, the last reviewer to accept the changes should merge the PR on approval of the changes.

> 5.  For PRs where the author does have permission to merge the PR, the reviewer should NOT merge the PR, unless explicitly requested by the author in the PR conversation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5.  For PRs where the author does have permission to merge the PR, the reviewer should NOT merge the PR, unless explicitly requested by the author in the PR conversation.  This allows the PR author to be responsible for handling any issues resulting from the landing.
```
